{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-BookOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red74\green74\blue74;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c36216\c36216\c36171;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16820\viewh16940\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 FOODQUEUE\
\
PIVOT\
\

\f1\i When given this design challenge, I was excites as I have done a similar project to combat food waste through organizing your food and recioe searches based on what you had in your fridge. As I was revisiting the user data to rework the project, I noticed a pattern in a few pain points for all my user research subjects. I took this opportunity to rethink the approach. From this comes APPAPP. There was an urgency to their need for food waste solutions.
\f0\i0  Many talked about the shame they felt around their food waste habits, this informed the product to move forward gently and to reduce the cogi=native load and onboard process. The app os meant to be really simple to use, only take a few moments to list the food you won\'92t be able to eat and then you are done. \
\

\f1\i Many off the users I spoke with envisioned themselves using the app at the grocery store or on the go. In keeping with that vision, I went w a three icon menu bar at the bottom. This was meant to be accessed w one hand, using the thumb as the main digit, keeping the other hand free for your basket or cart. \

\f0\i0 \
Impulsive shopping leading to extra ingredients\

\f1\i Short on time\

\f0\i0 \
There needed to be a quicker and more visual option for my users that might not the the rime and spaces to make the recipes or to get more ingredients. The app is based on long-range behaviour changes. I wanted to pivot to with something that could help my users in the short term, to help alleviate any ill feelings and allow them the space to change their longer term habits. All of my user testers and myself, all use Buns frequently, so utilizing the barter trade idea, I wanted to explore what the would look like for food. There would need to be time indicators, and a way for users to sort what category of foods they are looking for. \
**************************************************************************************\
\
\pard\pardeftab920\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The intention of this project is to help reduce the amount of food waste individuals in urban settings produce. Food waste is one of the biggest, most solvable ecological issues we are currently facing. Roughly one third of the food produced in the world for human consumption every year \'97 approximately 1.3 billion tonnes \'97 gets lost or wasted. When I first approached this issue, I focused on ways to help people stay organized, how to stay head of the food waste game. \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 As I was revisiting the user data, I noticed a pattern in a few pain points for all my user research subjects. There was an urgency to their need for food waste solutions, and they carried a lot of guilt and shame about the amount of waste they produced. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Most of people I interviewed envisioned themselves using the app at the grocery store or on the go. In keeping with that vision, I went w a three icon menu bar at the bottom. This was meant to be accessed w one hand, using the thumb as the main digit, keeping the other hand free for your basket or cart. This also reduces cognitive-load, giving the user a very quick path into the different feeds. This also allows for an easier on-boarding experience, an important aspect as many of the users are already dealing with anxieties about food waste. \
\
Another common characteristic with the interviewees was another bartering community called Bunz. I , and have been impressed by the comrade many amazing trades on Bunz and am amazed by the community the app builds. I wanted to use this as a model moving forward, as this aligns with community  of building leanings of FFGGG. \
\
For the aesthetic of the Food Feed, I took to heart some advice I had heard on Master Chef\'92s, always give the food it respects. This is translated in the clean UI and light colours. The image of the food is meant to take centre stage and speak for itself, this also allows for the user to scroll quickly through the feed when looking for ingredients. \
\
}